---
layout: single
permalink: /about/
title: "About Me"
subscribe: true
---

> **tldr:** I'm a financial data scientist and machine learning researcher. I
> (mainly) blog about Bayesian modelling, probabilistic programming and
> open-source software.

[<i class="fas fa-file-pdf"></i> See my
Résumé](https://ln2.sync.com/dl/37ab0c9b0/pu7bvjv3-9gv6sjie-ggmayp6u-jy8jr59r){:
.btn .btn--info .btn--default}

![Black-and-white photo of George smiling while sitting cross legged and
brushing his hair]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl
}}/assets/images/portrait.jpg){: .align-center}

Hello! My name is George.

I'm a financial data scientist and machine learning researcher, with a focus on
Bayesian modelling and probabilistic programming. I'm based in New York and I
work for [Point72 Asset Management](http://point72.com).

In my ~~copious~~ free time, I contribute to and maintain [several open-source
libraries](https://eigenfoo.xyz/work/#software) (particularly the [PyMC
project](https://github.com/pymc-devs)). Away from the keyboard, I spend my time
drinking coffee, taking photos and obsessing over [mechanical
keyboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/),
[headphones](https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/) and [fountain
pens](https://www.reddit.com/r/fountainpens/).

Previously, I studied engineering at [The Cooper
Union](http://cooper.edu/welcome) with minors in computer science and
mathematics, and I interned at [Quantopian](https://www.quantopian.com/) on
their quant research and data science teams.

## What's with your username?

It seemed clever at the time... but people keep asking, so maybe not.

_Eigen_ is a German for _own_, but probably a better translation (especially for
math terms like
[eigenvalue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eigenvalues_and_eigenvectors)) would
be _belonging to_. For example, an eigenvalue is the value _belonging to_ a
matrix.

_Foo_ is a [placeholder name in computer
programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foobar), and is basically a techier
version of "stuff" or "thing".

So on one hand, my username is unique and belongs to me because its `eigen`, but
on the other hand its just a `foo`. The juxtaposition was funny to me.
