---
layout: single
permalink: /work/
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
title: Work
---

## Software

Here are some open source software libraries that I've made substantial
contributions to.

### [PyMC3](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3) and [PyMC4](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc4)

![PyMC3 logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2af4bb9d3ff6744a6ad1aab0b2b916b5efee8b49/68747470733a2f2f63646e2e7261776769742e636f6d2f70796d632d646576732f70796d63332f6d61737465722f646f63732f6c6f676f732f7376672f50794d43335f62616e6e65722e737667){: .align-right}

PyMC3 is a popular Python framework for Bayesian modeling and probabilistic
machine learning, focusing on Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) and variational
inference (VI) algorithms. I'm a member of the core development team, and
contribute to the PyMC3 internals and documentation. I wrote [a blog post on
tips and tricks for Bayesian modelling using
PyMC3](https://eigenfoo.xyz/bayesian-modelling-cookbook/).

### [Pyfolio](https://github.com/quantopian/pyfolio) and [Alphalens](https://github.com/quantopian/alphalens)

![Pyfolio logo](https://media.quantopian.com/logos/open_source/pyfolio-logo-03.png){: .align-right}

Pyfolio and Alphalens are Python libraries for risk analysis and performance
attribution of financial portfolios, and alpha factor research for algorithmic
trading. Both libraries are fully integrated into the [Quantopian
platform](http://quantopian.com/).

![Alphalens logo](https://media.quantopian.com/logos/open_source/alphalens-logo-03.png){: .align-right}

I developed the risk and performance attribution capabilities of Pyfolio (read
more on [my blog post here](https://eigenfoo.xyz/pyfolio/)), and help maintain
the library. I help develop new features, triage bug reports and troubleshoot
issues for Alphalens.

### [Knead](https://github.com/font-bakers/knead) and [Glaze](https://github.com/font-bakers/glaze)

<figure class="half">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/font-bakers/knead/master/docs/img/logo.png" alt="Knead logo">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/font-bakers/glaze/master/docs/img/logo.png" alt="Glaze logo">
</figure>

Knead and Glaze are command line tools and Python libraries for preprocessing,
manipulating, rendering and visualizing font files and algorithmically-generated
typefaces. Both libraries were written as internal tools for [The Font
Bakers](https://font-bakers.github.io/), to support their research and
development workflow. I developed and maintain both projects.

## Projects

Here are some interesting machine learning and data science projects I've
pursued.

### [Deep Learning for Algorithmic Type Design](https://font-bakers.github.io/)

As a research project pursued in my last year at The Cooper Union, we researched
a class- and attribute- conditional generative adversarial network capable of
producing vector graphics, with potential applications in algorithmic type
design. The generative model was to produce closed shapes, with counter spaces,
defined by a variable number of quadratic BÃ©zier curves. At the time, no
generative model with vector graphic output has previously appeared in
literature.

### [Hate Speech on Reddit](https://eigenfoo.xyz/reddit-clusters/)

As part of a project on [Data Science for Social
Good](http://ee.cooper.edu/~keene/dssg.html), I ran text clustering algorithms
on well-known hateful and toxic subreddits, and collaborated with a
cross-disciplinary team of artists, architects and engineers to present the
findings at [The Cooper Union 2018 End of Year
Show](https://cooper.edu/events-and-exhibitions/exhibitions/2018-student-exhibition).
I also wrote [a blog post on my results](https://eigenfoo.xyz/reddit-clusters/),
and [gave a talk on the data science that went into the
project](https://eigenfoo.xyz/reddit-slides/).
